[DOCS] Create About GX Cloud Content (#8834)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/about_gx.md

---
sidebar_label: 'About GX Cloud'
title: 'About GX Cloud'
description: Learn more about the features and benefits of GX Cloud.
toc_min_heading_level: 2
toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

GX Cloud builds on the innovative features of GX open source software (OSS). Its easy-to-use web interface lets you quickly validate your data without creating and running complex Python code. With GX Cloud you can work collaboratively with your teammates to define and test reusable data queries that alert you to changes in your data.

Here are just a few of the benefits you'll get with GX Cloud: 

> - It's web-based and browser and platform-independent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's web-based and browser- and platform-independent.
```

> - A hosted environment and intuitive interface makes it faster to set up and run your Data Validations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A hosted environment and intuitive interface makes it faster to set up and run your data Validations.
```

> - Unique features such as Validation run histories, Data Asset metrics, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Features such as Validation run histories, Data Asset metrics, and more.
```

> - Eliminates the need to create, run, and maintain complex code for your data queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No more need to create, run, and maintain complex code for your data queries.
```

## Workflow optimization

> GX Cloud is intended to help you get started faster than GX OSS and to simplify your Data Validation workflows. Here's how it's done:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GX Cloud helps you get started faster and simplifies your data Validation workflows. Here's how:
```

> GX Cloud is intended to get you started faster than GX OSS and to simplify your Data Validation workflows. Here's how it's done:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GX Cloud is intended to help you get started faster than GX OSS and to simplify your Data Validation workflows. Here's how it's done:
```

## GX Cloud workflow

The GX Cloud workflow is a sequence of tasks you complete to perform Data Validations. 

You connect GX Cloud to a Data Asset stored on your Data Source, you define and create an Expectation, and then you run a Validation on the data defined in the Expectation. Knowing that your data meets your Expectations helps you ensure your data is accurate and reliable and alerts you to issues before they become problematic.

The following table lists the tasks that you complete in a typical GX Cloud workflow. A brief description of the task and links to the relevant topics are provided.

| Task                                     | Description                                                        | Related topic               |
|------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| Set up GX Cloud                          | Set up your environment to get the most out of GX Cloud. Do it once, and you don't need to do it again.           | [Set up GX Cloud](/docs/cloud/set_up_gx_cloud)                         | 

> | Connect to a Data Asset on a Data Source | The Data Asset contains the data you want to examine and Validate. | [Create a Data Asset](/docs/cloud/data_assets/manage_data_assets#create-a-data-asset)                           | 

Reviewer 3: nit: can we change "Validate" to "validate"?

Author: @HaebichanGX done! Thanks.

> | Connect to a Data Asset on a Data Source | The Data Asset contains the data you want to examine and Validate. | [Create a Data Asset](/docs/cloud/data_assets/manage_data_assets#create-a-data-asset)                           | 

Author: ```suggestion
| Connect to a Data Asset on a Data Source | The Data Asset contains the data you want to examine and validate. | [Create a Data Asset](/docs/cloud/data_assets/manage_data_assets#create-a-data-asset)                           | 
```

## Roles and responsibilities

How you interact with GX Cloud is dependent on the role you're assigned by your Admin. 

| Role          | Responsibilities                                  |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| Viewer        | View Checkpoints and Validation Results           | 
| Editor        | Create and edit Expectations<br/>Create access tokens |
| Admin         | Perform all GX Cloud administrative functions including user and role assignment |

## Supported browsers

The following browsers are supported by GX Cloud:

- [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) — the latest version is fully supported

- [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/) — the latest version is fully supported

- [Apple Safari](https://www.apple.com/safari/) — the latest version is fully supported

- [Microsoft Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/edge?ep=82&form=MA13KI&es=24) — the latest version is fully supported

### Browser session duration

> A session is the period of time that you’re signed in to your GX Cloud account from a browser. If you close the browser, your session ends you're signed out. You'll need to sign in again to access GX Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A session is the period of time that you’re signed in to your GX Cloud account from a browser. If you close the browser, your session ends and you're signed out. You'll need to sign in again to access GX Cloud.
```
